We do a much better, I would give us an A- on research, but the place that I would give us a low C is on service.
And that's something, and I think the way to
to make a giant, to change the paradigm, make a leap forward is find ways to serve more people on the internet.
Inner city kids are all learning how to use internet and they need to have access to everything A&M offers through that internet.
And I'm not talking about how to get an agree over the internet.
I'm talking about, you know, how you deal with fundamental problems in living.
Finance 101.
How do you do a budget?
You know, Quicken is really great if somebody has the money to do it, but I want to see A&M's business school put a program on the internet that's free so that the welfare mother can learn how to and have help managing her money, so that they learn what credit card companies do to them, so that they learn all the things that we take for granted that help us manage and accumulate wealth.
If I were czar, I would require every graduating senior have to sign a statement, much like you do when you buy a car, that says, it has been explained to me that if I will pay cash for cars,
the rest of my life and bank the payments into a savings account, it will change my net worth by $1 million.
I have gone through this.
I have completed a quiz that demonstrates that I fully understand this principle, and I'll sign this.
And if they can't pass that, they can't graduate from A&M.
Little practical thing, you know, practical things that touch people's lives that we can do, but you've got everyone at the university, that's not sexy.
That's not service to the people is not what the university faculty is about.
It's administration's about.
You know, we know how to teach farmers how to farm better.
We know how to, you know, the hobby shop over at the Applied Science and the Engineering, you know.
They know what they're doing over there.
But this body of knowledge to help, just Joe Sixpack that's paying the bills, we do a shitty job of helping him, and there's so much we could do.
Health, nutrition.
My God, they ought to be telling people how to eat and what to do.
We did the Children's Nutritional Center out here at Baylor.
And we had Kiki de la Garza.
Went up, worked with him.
As Winerti pointed out, he had a great way.
He said, we know about the health and nutrition of rats more about that than we do about babies' health and nutrition.
And so this Children's Nutritional Center is in basic.
A&M, for God's sakes, ought to be a leader in that.
And not just in medicine, but in practical things so that people understand.
If you look what advertising does to low-income people and what we get them to eat, and not only is it high-cost, poor nutrition, it's not good for their health.
You know, we need to attack those programs.
Now, that's the kind of specific that I was looking for.
All right, last question.
What feelings do you carry in your heart for Texas A&M?
Well, Mike Halibutti summed it up.
Mike asked me to speak at the dedication of his, the Halibutti Center.
And it was a great honor because he's always been one of my heroes and kind of a mentor.
We did the Halibutti building.
I got to know him pretty well doing that.
So I spent some time researching Mike to do my speech.
Mike said something that says about it as well as anyone can say it.
He said, Texas A&M is like mama and daddy.
He said, they love you when you're little and ugly.
And said, if you don't remember your mama and daddy, you're just not much of a man.
That's great.